hey guys it's me again this time I'm
going to show you all my Family Guy DVDs
that I have since I really do like those
TV shows I show on Fox so I have all of
those too so I'll show you what I got
for those for that show here here is
Family Guy Volume one for disc steps I
kind of like a new style that I've got
where it's just a slim case rather than
a big fat set there's this front there's
the spine here's the back this one has
four discs in it 28 episodes on four
discs total for this one so I like that
one is cool Family Guy vol 2 a
three-disc set front
spine and the back he's got three discs
and they are 21 total episodes in this
one this was the last one for the camp
of the show in 2003 or whatever all
right here's Family Guy volume 3 3 disc
set front spine in the back
three disks in here this is one of the
first season that they suddenly started
like putting 13 14 episodes on it on it
I think that's how many are around here
remember exactly but there's like 13
maybe there's family guy going for three
disks that front spine in the back and
there's a three disks again I think
there's only yeah there's only 13
episodes on this one again I don't know
why they're doing that just make more
money from us I guess your family I vol
5 3 disc step front spine in the back
and there's three discs all the episodes
are the first two discs and this one
special features on the last disc only
your family got volume six three disc
set front spine on the back
and there's the three disks and this one
this one has only one episode in the
third disc with a special feature so I
kind of did that with weird this time
your Family Guy volume 7 discs that
front spine the back and there's three
discs now there's like 13 14 episodes on
this one I can't really remember exactly
that something like that Family Guy
volume 8 this is the slipcase that came
with the one i bought is that front of
that the spine of it in the back and the
other spine and I have to slide it like
this and there's what that looks like
pretty neat huh
this one has three discs as well so I'm
came with a lot of inserts so there's
like a booklet in here and stuff pretty
sweet deal
the only high volume 9 discrete asset I
think prompt spine the back and there's
those three disks those few inserts here
these episodes I like a little more
Family Guy I think we get more deep
Family Guy volume 10 set the front spine
and the back is three discs in
you know I think there's like 30 I think
it's 50 episodes here I like these newer
episodes just when we go to volume 11
slipcase that came with the one I bought
front spine the back on the other side I
got to slide it out then a the case
looks like it's pretty neat there's all
three discs all the episodes in the
season are on all three discs so this is
like a full season actually when I
started doing that that's nice though if
you're doing that again your stay on the
guy volume twelve slipcase came with
this one front spine back other spine
here's that actual case this is pretty
sweet Brian Stewie design and all three
discs here this is another one with a
pope complete season so I like that have
to depend
here's Family Guy season 12 they decided
to rename them a season since the
racially puttin all seasons on front of
that one spine the other side and this
other spine this is the one where Frank
dies is kind of sad and this is what
that looks like it's pretty much the
same and there's three discs in this one
again
all season 12 episode
so all those of the pulp seasons s
volumes I got and here's the last ones I
have its Family Guy Stewie Griffin the
untold story here's the slip case for
the disk front spine back other spine
I swipe this out and there's the DVD I
really do like smooth actually quite a
lot use Family Guy it's a trap
front spine back other spine inserts and
there's a DVD and we bought this for
like a penny plus shipping on Amazon
once it's pretty crazy then like I blue
harvest front spine in the back there's
a DVD
family guys something something
something dark side front fine the back
and there's the DVD I like all these
movies and I have Star Wars Family Guy
and here's Family Guy partial terms of
endearment
but episode that was not even aired in
the United States so it's pretty cool to
have this front spine the back in the
DVD film and that's all the Family Guy
DVDs I have it and I have all of them
they're out right now so I'm going to be
late to get the next season in September
when it comes out so I hope you enjoy a
little video and thank you very much for
watching